---
title: Privacy Policy
createdAt: 06.09.2022
updatedAt: 08.09.2022
---
# Privacy Notice

[Drawn to Code](https://drawntocode.com) is a personal website.  
It is a humble repository of thoughts. A small serving of static content.  
Despite it's insignificance, we are told, a privacy policy is obligatory. 

## What information do we collect & why?

**We intentionally collect as little information as possible.** 
In two cases we do process personal information indirectly, though. 

### 1. Usage Data
This is collected automatically when you access our website. A inevitable effect of using the internet!
- **IP address**
- **Browser** type and version
- **Pages** you visit

### 2. Cookies 
To make our website more user friendly, we may use cookies (or similar, like the browser local storage). Examples:
- **Language Preference** 
- **Theme Preference** (e.g. dark-mode)

## What information do we share with third parties? 

### Usage Data
We're hosted by [**Netlify**](https://www.netlify.com/), and although we do **not** have analytics enabled, it's standard for hosting companies to collect some usage data.  
You can read their [privacy policy](https://www.netlify.com/privacy/) and [GDPR notice](https://www.netlify.com/gdpr-ccpa/) for more information.

## That's it?
If you need the proper in-depth version you can read on.  
Otherwise, yep, that's it! 

--- 

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  

*This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the <a href="https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/" target="_blank">Free Privacy Policy Generator</a>.*

---

# Interpretation and Definitions
## Interpretation
he words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. . 

## Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Drawn To Code.
- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
- **Country** refers to Germany
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Website.
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **Website** refers to Drawn To Code, accessible from <a href="drawntocode.com" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank">drawntocode.com</a>
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

---

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
## Types of Data Collected
### Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
- Usage Data

### Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.  

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. 

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.  

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

### Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:  

- **Cookies or Browser Cookies.** A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:  


- **Necessary / Essential Cookies**
*Type*: Session Cookies
*Administered by*: Us
*Purpose*: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

- **Functionality Cookies**
*Type*: Persistent Cookies
*Administered by*: Us
*Purpose*: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.  


For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.

## Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
- **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- **For other purposes**: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, and to evaluate and improve our Service and your experience.
  
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
- **With Service Providers**: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

## Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.  

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.  

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer. . 

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data
### Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).  

### Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability


## Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

---
# Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.  

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

---
# GDPR
In the EEA and UK, you have certain rights regarding your personal data: the right to access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, object to processing, and data portability. *(You can read about them in detail at [gdpr-info.eu](https://gdpr-info.eu/chapter-3/))*.

We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e. a legal basis) to do so under applicable law, to comply with laws, or to protect your rights. 
## If you are located in the UK/EU:
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information: 
- **Legal Obligations**: We may process your information when we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. 
- **Vital Interests**: We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person. 

We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  

If you are located in the EEU or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details at [ec.europa.eu](https://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/items/612080). If you are located in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available at [edoeb.admin.ch](https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html).

---
# Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.  

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

--- 
# Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

---
# Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us at hello@constancehermit.com